# Box-Beverages
A booze company taking over the NFT space? Let's ride

Over the past year and a half, a team of 4 of us have been carefully crafting, testing, branding, and creating Box Beverages; quality alcoholic beverages made with vodka, no carbonation, and the best possible ingredients to get you drunk and avoid the hangover.

Our team is comprised of 4 seniors at the University of Southern California, with a range of studies from Computer Science, Business, and Data Science named Max, Will, Quinn, and Colin. Colin has been involved in the crypto space since 2018 and has been working with an artist over the past 6 months to create a brand called NFTweak. They have sold over 10 ETH worth of art and utility NFTs, while developing a website, building in the Sandbox game, and collecting NFTs. Will has experience working at blue chip investment firms, Under Armour, and most recently is working at at VC fund as a data scientist for their studio and an investment analyst for their blockchain fund (20m AUM). Quinn has been very involved in entrepreneurship around USC and has worked with many student startups during his time there. He has also worked at larger firms focusing on product development and supply chain management. Max's background comes from working with cutting edge advertising agencies as well as news broadcasters such as CNN International and Reuters. Our primary mentor is a proven entrepreneur that has successfully exited on multiple technology companies such as Google. 

The company to date has made sales of over 4k in a small target group. We have been working with designers, food scientists, industry insiders and developers for a year and a half. Every drop has sold out so far and we want to create a drink that is by the people and for the people. This is made possible by the experience and innovative thinking of the Box Beverages team. We believe that the passion of the crypto community and the widespread appeal of a great tasting drink make this an interesting opportunity leverage the ability for the community to identify new business structures. 

In order to create a company that is community driven, while still managing legal barriers with an alcohol beverage, we will be creating a set of Box Keys that give exclusive access to merchandise drops, flavorings, future ideas, community chats, and even a say in the next step of the company. As we grow a solid foundation, we will look to turn these Box Keys into a further standardized way of voting by creating the Box DAO. We have an endless amount of plans for how we can create this new space of booze and crypto lovers and we would love for you to join us. 

With a large enough investment into Box Beverages, we can make our first batch of 10,000 cans to be sold online and in stores, recruit the necessary resources to build out the smart contract for our NFT, and begin marketing heavily.
